He is my weak man
Who dares to make an enemy of him?
Is to be my enemy
Enemy with the imperial capital Qin family, this is Qin Banwei
Could it be that the commercial pearl of a building has a building?
The Qin family known as the first beautiful woman
Land of Qi Women's Mansions
Yidu 13th Middle School
The imperial capital has the status of Zhang Chaoran's absolute minister
This Qin family is the top aristocratic family in the imperial capital
Beyond reasonable doubt
Even a small branch
It is not lower than the aristocratic family in Qinzhou
This kid actually climbed the imperial capital Qin family
Then what happened to Su Ling?
I have a long-standing engagement with Xiao Chen
I don't know his past
Don't care
From today onwards
I will be his only one
No matter the status above ten thousand people
It is still a wealth beyond the reach of ordinary people
He knows it all
And my sincerity
What is this?
This is
The imperial capital Qin family gave Xiao Chen
Mr. Xiao, Imperial Capital Haoting Manor
Mobile Tianshan Snow Dragon and Phoenix Jade Pendant Pair
Global billions of black cards
Small gift
I hope Mr. Xiao will accept it.
It's just a meet and greet gift
This, this, this, this is any of the three.
It is enough to shake the appearance of the family's heritage
So handle
Who in the world can refuse?